Mm-hmm.
Oh.
Hey, there.
Making bread sure is tiring.
This reminds me of that time Abigail delivered all
of that food to a friend.
Do you know why she did that?
It wasn't just for hospitality.
Come on.
Let's take a look.
Abigail was on a mission.
She was out to meet David.
You see, earlier, David did a very good thing.
He protected a flock of sheep, even though they weren't his.
Those sheep belonged to Abigail's husband, Navel.
He was a rude and senseless man.
In exchange for protecting Navel's sheep,
David asked for some food to eat, but Navel hated to share.
He screamed mean things about David.
David then got angry and wanted to kill Navel.
When Abigail found out, she knew this would be bad.
So Abigail acted fast.
She gathered all the bread and wine she could find.
And quickly brought it over to David and his men.
She approached them with kindness and respect.
Abigail reminded David of all the good Jehovah promised him.
He was going to do great things for Jehovah.
But if he killed Navel and anger,
he'd ruin his close relationship with Jehovah, his best friend.
David listened to Abigail.
Jehovah's friends help each other avoid bad and do good.
But what happened to Navel, David and Abigail after that?
Read Abigail's story and imagine you were there.
Make time every day to learn from Jehovah's.
Gotta go.
What do you think?
What did Abigail do to remain Jehovah's friend?
When have you seen a friend about to do something bad?
What could you say to prevent your friend from doing something bad?